Refactor Rules 242390 and 2000 to check for a Structured Authentication Configuration (#510)
gardener/diki: docs/rulesets/security-hardened-shoot-cluster/ruleset.md

Shoot clusters must have anonymous authentication disabled for the Kubernetes API server. This rule follows the requirements from DISA K8s STIG rule [242390](https://stigviewer.com/stigs/kubernetes/2024-08-22/finding/V-242390).

#### Fix

> Do not set `structuredAuthentication` explicitly, since the enablement of `anonymousAuthentication` defaults to false.
> 
> Otherwise, configure the `structuredAuthentication` field to explicitly deny `anonymousAuthentication`
> 
> You can configure the `structuredAuthentication` via the [following guide](https://gardener.cloud/docs/gardener/shoot/shoot_access/#structured-authentication): 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Do not set `anonymous.enabled` field in `structuredAuthentication` configuration file as it defaults to `false` or set it explicitly to `false`

For how to configure `structuredAuthentication` for `Shoot` clusters please see [its documentation](https://gardener.cloud/docs/gardener/shoot/shoot_access/#structured-authentication)
```

Shoot clusters must have anonymous authentication disabled for the Kubernetes API server. This rule follows the requirements from DISA K8s STIG rule [242390](https://stigviewer.com/stigs/kubernetes/2024-08-22/finding/V-242390).

#### Fix

Create a `structuredAuthentication` configMap in your project namespace.

> Set an `AuthenticationConfiguration` to the `data[config.yaml]` field of your configMap.

Reviewer: We should note that anonymous authentication is disabled by default and if the have configured `.spec.kubernetes.kubeAPIServer.structuredAuthentication` we should state that it again defaults to false but they can also explicitly set it to `false`.

No need to document how to set `.spec.kubernetes.kubeAPIServer.structuredAuthentication`, we can have a link to https://gardener.cloud/docs/gardener/shoot/shoot_access/#structured-authentication and only show the `AuthenticationConfiguration` config itself
